Add new post "Mixxx accepted for GSoC 2023!" (#290)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/xxxx-xx-xx-mixxx-accepted-for-gsoc-2023.md

title: Mixxx accepted for GSoC 2023!
authors: Daniel Schürmann
tags: gsoc, gsoc-2023
status: draft

> comments: no

Reviewer: Why are we disabling the comments?

Author: Because I don't want to encourage possible candidates to comment here.

Reviewer: Understandable, I think we should clarify that in the blogpost though. Turning off comments on public posts is usually interpreted as the authors trying to silence criticism IMO. 

How about we add a sentence after the second-to-last paragraph that goes like: "Please understand that we only engage with potential contributors via the respective channels in the gsoc stream on Zulip or via the official gsoc application process"

Author: Good idea. Done.

> comments: no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comments: yes
```
You forgot to re-enable the comments, or do you insist to keep them disabled?

Author: I want the comments disabled, to not have to deal with students applications in the comments.

Reviewer 2: May I suggest to delete the last section of the article, than the last lines will be how to reach us via the public Zulip chat.
IMHO it's Ok, to disable the comments, if we mention another public communication channel at the end of the article.

Reviewer 2: The next two blog entries describe the work of the last students anyway.

Reviewer: > I want the comments disabled, to not have to deal with students applications in the comments.

We simply ignore those, we have clearly stated in the article that we only communicate with them through Zulip or GSoC. If they post applications in the comments, they have simply not read the blogpost and we can ignore those application comments. 

> IMHO it's Ok, to disable the comments, if we mention another public communication channel at the end of the article.

That was not the point. Comments are a way for the community to voice feedback on articles, disabling that for the sole reason that we want to avoid the spam from students that can't be bothered to read the article they're commenting on is unjustified.

Mixxx has been [accepted as a mentoring organization](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2023/organizations/mixxx) for [Google Summer of Code 2022](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/), a global program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development.

> This means that new or even established contributors of Mixxx have the opportunity to work on Mixxx full-time during the summer for 12+ weeks and receive a stipend sponsored by Google. For more information, check out the [Google Summer of Code Contributor Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that new or even established contributors of Mixxx have the opportunity to work on Mixxx full-time during the summer for 12+ weeks while receiving a stipend sponsored by Google. For more information, check out the [Google Summer of Code Contributor Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/).
```

> You will find the [GSoC 2023 Project Ideas for Mixxx](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gGSOC-2023-Ideas) in our wiki, but your won ideas are also more than welcome. Taking a look at our [GSoC advice page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gsocadvice) is recommended if you're planning to apply. The best way to get started is to participate in the Mixxx community, so have a look at our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx) and consider making a small code contribution to show that you're able to familiarize yourself with our code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find the [GSoC 2023 Project Ideas for Mixxx](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gGSOC-2023-Ideas) in our wiki, but your own ideas are also more than welcome. Taking a look at our [GSoC advice page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gsocadvice) is recommended if you're planning to apply. The best way to get started is to participate in the Mixxx community, so have a look at our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx) and consider making a small code contribution to show that you're able to familiarize yourself with our code base.
```

> The official application period will start **March 20th** and ends on **April 2th**, so have your applications ready in time. Potential GSoC contributors should start now to discuss application ideas on our [Zulip](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/). Just start a new topic in the [#gsoc stream](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/109215-gsoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official application period will start **March 20th** and ends on **April 2th**, so have your applications ready in time. Potential GSoC contributors should start discussing their application ideas on our [Zulip](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/) now. Just start a new topic in the [#gsoc stream](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/109215-gsoc).
```

> If you are interested in the successful last years projects, take a look at the blog post of [David Chocholatý](https://mixxx.org/news/2022-09-08-gsoc-final-blog-david-chocholaty) and [Fatih Emre YILDIZ](https://mixxx.org/news/2022-09-26-gsoc-final-blog-fatih-emre-yildiz). Their work will be great benefit for our users in the upcoming Mixxx version 2.4. You can already test them in a development snapshot of [2.4-alpha](https://downloads.mixxx.org/snapshots/2.4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in last years projects, take a look at the blog post of [David Chocholatý](https://mixxx.org/news/2022-09-08-gsoc-final-blog-david-chocholaty) and [Fatih Emre YILDIZ](https://mixxx.org/news/2022-09-26-gsoc-final-blog-fatih-emre-yildiz). Their work will have a great benefit for our users in the upcoming Mixxx version 2.4. You can already test them in a development snapshot of [2.4-alpha](https://downloads.mixxx.org/snapshots/2.4)
```

title: Mixxx accepted for GSoC 2023!
authors: Daniel Schürmann
tags: gsoc, gsoc-2023
status: draft
comments: no

> Mixxx has been [accepted as a mentoring organization](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2023/organizations/mixxx) for [Google Summer of Code 2022](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/), a global program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mixxx has been [accepted as a mentoring organization](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2023/organizations/mixxx) for [Google Summer of Code 2023](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/), a global program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development.
```

This means that new or even established contributors of Mixxx have the opportunity to work on Mixxx full-time during the summer for 12+ weeks while receiving a stipend sponsored by Google. For more information, check out the [Google Summer of Code Contributor Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/).

> You will find the [GSoC 2023 Project Ideas for Mixxx](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gGSOC-2023-Ideas) in our wiki, but your own ideas are also more than welcome. Taking a look at our [GSoC advice page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gsocadvice) is recommended if you're planning to apply. The best way to get started is to participate in the Mixxx community, so have a look at our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx) and consider making a small code contribution to show that you're able to familiarize yourself with our code base.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will find the [GSoC 2023 Project Ideas for Mixxx](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/GSOC-2023-Ideas) in our wiki, but your own ideas are also more than welcome. Taking a look at our [GSoC advice page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/gsocadvice) is recommended if you're planning to apply. The best way to get started is to participate in the Mixxx community, so have a look at our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx) and consider making a small code contribution to show that you're able to familiarize yourself with our code base.
```
